# Meeting Notes
## Attendies
- Ben 
- Jenna
- Nick
## Progess
- Repo has been made and copied from Joe's team, members joined
- Discord group made, member joined
## To Do's
- [x] (everyone) Need to organise repo
  - uneeded code and files, css in pages not css file, imgs unused
- [ ] (everyone) Make coding standards file and all agree upon
  -  branching rules, one branch per issue, only branch from "dev", dev is branched from main (only merge when bug free), NO branches of branches (within very tight exceptions)
  -  merging Jenna's and Nick's old coding standards, adding more if needed
- [ ] (Ben) Flag all API calls currently in code
  - make issue with file names and lines 
- [ ] (everyone) making user stories 
  - need to decide where to make it, projects/milestones?
  - everyone NEEDS to make at LEAST one, more is better
